Fix AsyncResult.__bool__ signature so truthiness raises the helpful message (#4632)
beeware/toga: changes/4630.bugfix.md

> Bool checks on an async result now raise the same helpful error as comparisons, instead of a confusing ``TypeError``.

Reviewer: We use Markdown, not ReStructured Text.
```suggestion
Boolean checks on an `AsyncResult` now raise the same helpful error as comparisons, instead of a confusing `TypeError`.
```
